---
id: meeting-minutes-2020129
title: 2020.1.29 Meeting Minutes
sidebar_label: 2020.1.29 
---

# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Materials
<<<<<<< HEAD
* [Deck as PDF](assets/FINOS_PURE_Alloy_Kick-Off_2020-1-29.pdf)
* [Deck as Google Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DZronoaszYqquwXusI_WwJMmVdpdoOwMpyVFqUeYDWk/edit#slide=id.g6322b9d5c5_0_0)

## Attendees 
=======
* [Deck as PDF](FINOS_PURE_Alloy_Kick-Off_2020-1-29.pdf)
* [Deck as Google Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DZronoaszYqquwXusI_WwJMmVdpdoOwMpyVFqUeYDWk/edit#slide=id.g6322b9d5c5_0_0)

## Attendees 
### FINOS
* Tosha Ellison
* [Rob Underwood](https://github.com/brooklyrob)
* Aitana Myohl
* [Gabrielle Columbro](https://github.com/mindthegab)

>>>>>>> master
### FINOS Members
#### Goldman Sachs
* Ffion Wiggins
* Pierre de Belen [in person in NYC]
<<<<<<< HEAD
* Beeke 
* Vijayesh Chandel 
#### Morgan Stanley
* Oli Bage  (data & information architecture) [in person in NYC]
* Stephen Goldbaum [in person in NYC]
* Attila Mihaly
#### RBC
* Kabir Rekhi (data arch team)
* Walter Pitio
* Greg Manaris
#### Citi
* Hammad Akbar (digital strat for markets & institutional clients)
* Siddharth Mehrotra
#### Barclays:
* Siddhartan Rajagopalan (business architect)
####  DB
* Vipin (group arch team)
* Jithindas Ramadas 
#### Credit-Suisse	
* Jim Tanner (head of data architecture)
#### Gitlab
* John Coghlan

### Non-Members
=======
* Beeke-Marie Nelke
* Vijayesh Chandel

#### Morgan Stanley
* Oli Bage  [in person in NYC]
* Stephen Goldbaum [in person in NYC]
* Attila Mihaly

#### RBC
* Kabir Rekhi
* Walter Pitio
* Greg Manaris

#### Citi
* [Hammad Akbar](https://github.com/hammadnyc)
* Siddharth Mehrotra

####  DB
* Vipin (group arch team)
* Jithindas Ramadas 

#### Credit-Suisse	
* Jim Tanner 

#### Gitlab
* [John Coghlan](https://gitlab.com/johncoghlan)

### Non-Members
#### Barclays
* Siddhartan Rajagopalan

>>>>>>> master
#### Société Générale
* Sana Ahmad 

#### ISDA
* Ruddy Vincent
<<<<<<< HEAD
* Ian Sloyan (project manager for ISDA CDM)
#### Digital Asset
* Dan
* Beth S
#### Itau
* Angel Andrade (architecture team)
* Junji Katto (architecture team)


### FINOS
* Tosha Ellison
* Rob Underwood
* Aitana Myohl
* Gab



## Topics


=======
* Ian Sloyan 

#### Digital Asset
* [Dan O'Prey](https://github.com/danoprey)
* Beth Shah

#### Itau
* Angel Andrade 
* Junji Katto


## Agenda
### Introductions
The attendees to the meeting introduced themselves.

### Phases
* FINOS presented an overview of the timeline and 3 phases (Phase 0, Phase 1, Phase 3)

### User On-boarding
* Pilot Participants should share names, corporate emails, and github handles of pilot phase ("phase 1") modelers with FINOS
* FINOS will set-up users in the pilot instance of Alloy
* FINOS explained requirement for the Contributior License Agreement (CLA)

### Rules of the Road
* FINOS asked attendees to review its [Antitrust policy](https://www.finos.org/hubfs/FINOS/governance/FINOS%20Antitrust%20Policy%202019-05-20.pdf)
    * Meetings should have agenda created and distributed ahead of time; meetings should stick to the published agenda
    * Meetings need minutes which are made available publicly

### Support
* FINOS advised pilot participants that they should go reach out to [help@finos.org](help@finos.org) when they run into problems.
* General questions to [alloy-inquires@finos.org (Aitana and Rob)](alloy-inquires@finos.org)

### On-line Collaboration
* [Alloy Pilot Project Group List](https://groups.google.com/a/finos.org/forum/#!forum/alloy-pilot)
    * Subscribe w/ email to [alloy-pilot+subscribe@finos.org](alloy-pilot+subscribe@finos.org)
    * Post with email to [alloy-pilot@finos.org](alloy-pilot@finos.org)

* [Alloy General List](https://groups.google.com/a/finos.org/forum/#!forum/alloy)
    * Subscribe w/ email to [alloy+subscribe@finos.org](alloy+subscribe@finos.org)
    * Post with email to [alloy@finos.org](alloy+subscribe@finos.org)

* Github / Gitlab Issues & Kanban
    * Github Issues (https://github.com/finos/purealloy/issues)
    * Github Kanban(https://github.com/orgs/finos/projects/5)

* Alloy Updates from FINOS
    * [Subscribe at https://www.finos.org/alloy](https://www.finos.org/alloy)


### Meeting Cadence
* Bi-weeking pilot project participant meetings
* Monthly general meeting
* Ad hoc training sessions to be scheduled


### Modeling Scope
#### Discussion
* Key is to be able to contribute something back to a standards org 
* ESG
    * ESG is a much longer-term proposition
    * ESG a good thing to be involved in; high potential
* Lots of regulatory projects we can work together on reporting
* Reference Data also presents an opportunity, including for area like commodities

### Documentation Site
* Set to be launched on Friday, January 31
* URL: [alloy.finos.org](alloy.finos.org)
>>>>>>> master
