# GraphQL   

This tutorial demonstrates the use of "Service Execution Jars"

## Requirements 

* A Legend Studio project with a ```Service``` model
* Familiarity with the following Legend concepts :
   * Data modeling with classes, associations 
   * Data modeling with stores, mappings, connections and runtimes 
   * Data modeling with Legend services

## Example 
  
Legend Studio Project - https://gitlab.com/finosfoundation/legend/showcase/legend-showcase-project2 

## Setup 

N/A

## Tutorial 

### 1. Service Execution Primer

A "service execution" jar is a Java library generated from a Legend model.

Consider the service model below. It is a grouping of a data access query, a mapping to
a physical (relational) store and a specific database connection.
```
Service service::persons
{
  pattern: '/api/persons';
  documentation: '';
  autoActivateUpdates: true;
  execution: Single
  {
    query: |domain::Person.all()->project([x|$x.name, x|$x.firmId], ['Name', 'FirmId']);
    mapping: mapping::firmperson;
    runtime: runtime::firmperson;
  }
}
```

### 2. Service Execution Class 

Once modeled in Legend, the Legend project's SDLC infrastucture consumes this model and generates a Java class.

```
personsService service = new personsService();
``` 

When executed, this class connects to the database specified in the model, queries and returns the data.

### 3. Building a Service Execution Jar 

In the simplest case, a service execution jar is autogenerated by the Legend project's SDLC.

To generate a service execution jar using Legend SDLC

* Create a Legend Studio project 
* Use Legend Studio to create a Legend model. This model should include a service definition as shown above
* Use Legend Studio SDLC controls or native Gitlab controls to merge your model to the master branch
* Once merged, the Gitlab pipeline configured by Legend SDLC runs a code generation plugin which generate a service execution jar
* The Gitlab pipeline also publishes the generated jar to a Gitlab Maven registry.

As a concrete example
* Legend Studio Project https://legend.finos.org/studio/-/view/UAT-29500652
* Legend Studio Project Pipeline https://gitlab.com/finosfoundation/legend/showcase/legend-showcase-project2/-/pipelines
* Legend SDLC Generated Artifacts https://gitlab.com/finosfoundation/legend/showcase/legend-showcase-project2/-/packages

### 4. Using a Service Execution Jar

Just as with other stores in Legend, the logical model is mapped to the logical definition of the store.

Once a jar has been created it can be consumed like any other jar in a Java application.

See https://github.com/finos/legend/blob/service-exec-jar-example/examples/service-execution-jar/legend-application/src/main/java/org/finos/legend/demo/app/LegendApplication.java

See https://github.com/finos/legend/blob/service-exec-jar-example/examples/service-execution-jar/legend-application/src/test/java/org/finos/legend/demo/app/LegendApplicationTest.java

See https://github.com/finos/legend/blob/service-exec-jar-example/examples/service-execution-jar/legend-application/src/test/java/org/finos/legend/demo/app/LegendExecutionPlanTest.java

## Reference 

N/A

## Code 

N/A
