---
id: meeting-minutes-20200520
title: 2020.5.20 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.5.20
---

## Logistics 
### Day & Time
* Wednesday, May 20th. 12:30pm ET

### Meeting details

* [Meeting link](https://finos.webex.com/finos/j.php?MTID=m9faeb59f9167a188a0cde9a2209b9447)
* Call-in: 
    * +1-415-655-0003 US Toll
    * +44-20319-88141 UK Toll
    * Meeting number: 662 129 816

## Attendees 
### FINOS
* Rob Underwood
* Aitana Myohl


### FINOS Members

####  DB
* Ajith Dharwar
* Paul Tilley

#### Gitlab
* Nuritzi Sanchez

#### Goldman Sachs
* Vijayesh Chandel
* Ffion Wiggins
* James Bracegirdle
* Shaun Aston
* Beeke-Marie Nelke

#### Itau
* Junji Katto

#### Morgan Stanley
* Stephen Goldbaum

#### Scottlogic
* Gordon Campbell


#### RBC
* Robert Maissan
* Rajesh Taparia
* Stephen Sui

#### Wells Fargo
* Joel Boeder

#### Wipro



### Non-Members

#### Barclays


#### Digital Asset
* Georg Schneider


#### ISDA
* Ted Sanborn
* Ruddy Vincent
* Ian Sloyan

#### Regnosys
* Jim Wang
* Nigel Cobb
* Hugo Hills
* Minesh Patel

## Agenda

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Minutes Review: [2020.5.6 Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/pilot-project-meeting-minutes/2020.5.6-pilot-project-minutes.md) 
* General Meeting Tomorrow
* Roadmap Updates
   * Capture milestones from here to open sourcing (start of Phase 2) as GitHub issues, labeled by workstream
   * Summarize roadmap in .github/ROADMAP.md - See draft at https://github.com/brooklynrob/alloy/blob/master/.github/ROADMAP.md
   * What's missing? What questions do you have?

### Topic#1: FX Options Working Group Update - Vijay Chandel (GS)
* reviewing and defining next steps for the FX Pilot 
* discussions around FX Strike unit, reviewing a range of proposals. Conversation evolving into a broader reference database solution around currencies; defining the process around this and exploring collaboration with FINOS Security Reference Data project

### Topic#2: Commodity Reference Data Working Group Update - Shaun Aston (GS)
* reference data model proposal merged into Alloy
* exploring how ref data could be represented from an ISDA perspective more aligned with how the CDM architecture is currently set up. 

### Topic#3: Sustainability / Renewable energy Working Group proposal - Joel Boeder (Wells Fargo)
* Brainstorming session on May 15th, follow up scheduled for May 29th (GS, Itau, Wells Fargo). Get in touch with Aitana (aitana@finos.org) if you're interested
* May 15th session: initial discussion around business goals and challenges identified: credit emissions, renewable energy financing, ESG, carbon accounting
* May 29th session: 3 demos planned. 1) Wells Fargo - Orange Button, 2) GS - how could Alloy be used to achieve some of the business goals discussed on May 15th, 3) Itau - carbon credit trading platform

### Topic#4: Open Source Fundamentals (& Alloy) for Non-developers Part 2: Submitting, Approving, and Merging a Change - Rob Underwood (FINOS), Shaun Aston (GS)
* See WIP documentation at https://brooklynrob.github.io/alloy/docs/getting-started/pilot-model-governance
   * What's missing? What do you need more training on? What, if anything, is still unclear?

### Questions / AOB
