---
id: meeting-minutes-20200527
title: 2020.5.27 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.5.27
---

## Logistics
### Day & Time
* Wednesday, May 27th. 11am ET

## Attendees
* Shaun Aston (GS)
* Kenneth Poon (GS)
* Jing Wu (GS)
* Manveen Kaur (GS)
* Ffion Wiggins (GS)
* Ian Sloyan (ISDA)
* Irina Yermakova (ISDA)
* Ted Sanborn (ISDA)
* Nigel Cobb (Regnosys)


### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Approve [5/20 Meeting minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/commodities-ref-data-wg/2020.5.20-commod-wg-meeting.md) 

## Agenda

### Agenda item #1
- Continuation of Commodities Payout discussion
  - Fixed Leg representation within existing architechture
  - Different financial payout scenarios

### AOB
Discussion Points:
•	Talked through the Fixed payment aspect of the Fixed v Float Swap scenario that has been covered so far. The Price Notation class, that has been identified as an existing way to represent this data (with a few additions), is limited to only a single period swap scenario. Other Commodity swaps that are multi-period would need an alternative solution to be able to represent the relevant aspects. An alternative option is the InterestRate payout which supports multi-period payments, next steps will be to identify if any commodity specific attributes are required for that class to support this use case. 
•	Qualifier functions that are used in the ISDA CDM were raised on the call. These functions are used to identify specific contract types through the identification of which parts of the model are called upon in a given scenario. Some examples were highlighted from the FX and Interest Rate space and this something that we will need to consider as we progress with the Commodities payout. The current functions are based around ISDA taxonomy, however this may not be granular enough to cover the different Commodities scenarios.
•	Group was taken through a new sample scenario that covered a multi-period fixed v float swap where the underlier has no ISDA defined reference price. 
•	Final talking point on the reference data model was focused on what types of data could possibly be included around products. Example was given around MiFID 2 taxonomy that is dependent on the product and could be something that is centralised within this model. 

Action Items:
•	Explore what additions are needed to support fixed payments over multiple periods for Commodities contracts before the next session (Shaun <GS>, Ted <ISDA>)
•	Preparation of Commodities Taxonomy/Reference Price material before next session (Iryana <ISDA>)



### Action Items

