---
id: meeting-minutes-20200520
title: 2020.5.20 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.5.20
---

## Logistics
### Day & Time
* Wednesday, May 20th. 11am ET

## Attendees
* Shaun Aston (GS)
* Manveen Kaur (GS)
* Kenneth Poon (GS)
* Jin Woo (GS)
* Ted Sanborn (ISDA)
* Irina Yermakova (ISDA)
* Nigel Cobb (Regnosys)

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Approve [5/13 Meeting minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/commodities-ref-data-wg/2020.5.13-commod-wg-meeting.md) 

## Agenda

### Agenda item #1
Commodities CDM Payout in Alloy

### Agenda item #2
Underlier Model: Proposed Model in Alloy v Proposed ISDA Model

### AOB

### Action Items

Dicussion Points:

*	Discussion around the next steps on committing the Commodities pay-out into the CDM in Rosetta. After some in depth conversation decided it is premature to do this at this point due to the limited nature of the scenario that has been covered. We will look to bottom out further financial commodity contract scenarios to see what other additions need to be made to make the pay-out model more comprehensive. 
*	Physical use cases will not be looked at in the near term due to the complexities associated with them.
*	The underlier class in the CMDPayout diagram in Alloy looks circular and this was raised as a question whether this is expected. This was clarified by ISDA on the call as the correct way to represent the underlier, it appears circular as is of type ‘product’ which is common with the ‘contractualProduct’.
*	Point raised as whether it is the most effective way to model the commodities pay-out with the existing equities pay-out. There are a lot of common features between the two however as the work on Commodities progresses they will become well differentiated. Alternative suggestions were raised as create Commodity and Equity pay-out as 2 properties of an Asset pay-out, or to create 2 distinct pay-outs for Equities and Commodities. 
*	In the coming weeks we will look to make a distinction of product vs transactional data across a number of scenarios. We will then look the identify criteria that can be applied more broadly. 
o	One suggestion on this already is that ISDA documentation can help identify product data if it is available for a given product. 
