---
id: meeting-minutes-20200506
title: 2020.5.6 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.5.6
---

## Logistics
### Day & Time
* Wednesday, May 6th. 11am ET

## Attendees
* Shaun Aston (GS)
* Ffion Wiggins (GS)
* Georg Schneider (DAML)
* Rob Underwood (FINOS)
* Irina Yermakova (ISDA)
* Manveen Kaur (GS)
* Kenneth Poon (GS)
* Nigel Cobb (Regnosys)
* Stephen Goldbaum (Morgan Stanley)
* Ted Sanborn (ISDA)
* Paul Tilly (DB)
* Jin Woo (GS)
* Aitana Myohl (FINOS)

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Approve [4/29 Meeting minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/commodities-ref-data-wg/2020.4.29-commod-wg-meeting.md) 

## Agenda

### Agenda item #1
* Reference Data Model Discussion/Walkthrough - Manveen Kaur (GS)

### Agenda item #2
* (If time permits) Commodities CDM Payoff in Alloy - Shaun Aston (GS)

### AOB

Discussion Summary:

- GS took group through the reference data model proposal in Alloy which lead to healthy discussion on the different features of the model. Key focus areas for the discussion were based around:
  Price: Naming convention of price may be confusing when considered in relation to standard price termonology.
  Benchmark v Commodity: Group looked for clarification on difference between Benchmark and Commodity classes. Benchmark represents the price being published by a publisher or can also reference a listed futures contract. Commodity represents the physical commodity that can be traded and would give detail around the different features of the physical product (e.g. grade of oil).
  Financial Asset: Some debate on what should be considered a financial asset and whether it is correct to represent it in this model in current form, points still open.
  
  Next Steps:
  - GS to merge underlier model into alloy so group are able to review and propose changes. 
  

### Action Items
