---
id: meeting-minutes-20200521
title: 2020.5.21 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.5.21
---

## Logistics 
### Day & Time
* Thursday, May 21st. 11am ET

## Attendees
* Vijayesh Chandel (GS)
* Ajith Dharwar (DB)
* Irina Yermakova (ISDA)
* Rajagopalan Siddharthan (Barclays)
* Nigel Cobb (Regnosys)
* Yeonje Jo	(Bloomberg)
* Ted Sanborn (ISDA)
* Rob Underwood (FINOS)
* Aitana Myohl (FINOS)

## Agenda

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Review and approve [5/14 FX Options WG Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/fx-options-wg/2020.5.14-fx-options-wg-meeting.md)

### Agenda Item #1
* FX Pilot Plan: Agree and sign off to have published

### Agenda Item #2
* FX Barriers: Review CDM JSON example output, agree on required model changes (see minutes link with those already discussed) and if time permits we can do a live submission

### Agenda Item #3
*  Any updates re the ref data currency forum discussion 

### Agenda Item #4
* Moving meeting start time to 12pm ET/ 5pm BST

### AOB

### Action items

Summary of Discussion

* *FX Pilot Plan*: WG did final review and agreed on the plan. Signed off version can be found here: [FX Pilot Plan - Agreed by WG 21May2020](https://gitlab.alloy.finos.org/alloy-pilot/cdm/issues/1)

* *FX Barriers*: WG reviewed JSON output example for an FxBarrier, with agreement to proceed with modelling *Barrier QuoteBasis* and *Barrier InformationSource* and discussed other classes detialed below:
  1. *Barrier QuoteBasis*: Required for scenarios where the barrier cross is not the same as the strike cross. WG agreed to model class (in line with FpML) via AlloyStudio. 
  2. *Barrier InformationSource/RateSource*: Required for denoting the barrier market observation reference point. WG agreed to model class (in line with FpML) via AlloyStudio.
  3. *TriggerTimeTypeEnum*: Currently CDM model doesn't accommodate Discrete American (Anytime) scenarios, so may require enhancement. Pending further review by WG. 
  4. *BusinessCentreLocation*: Suggestion of whether location should be required for any *Time* based class. Pending further review by WG.
  5. *EarliestExerciseTime* and *ExpirationTime*: In the current CDM model these classes are of *mandatory* cardinality and WG suggested to change to *optional*. Pending further review by WG.
  
 * *Currency Code Standardisation Update*: FINOS suggested collaboration with the Securities Ref Data project to solve for this. Meeting to be had next week. 
 
 * *Meeting start time*: Participants suggested change of WG meeting time. No objections raised on call to move the WG session to Thurs 12pm ET/ 5pm BST.
 
Next Steps

* *Fx Pilot Plan* - Vijay to share signed off plan with the WG and upload to the Gitlab.
* *FxBarriers* - Vijay to model the agreed QuoteBasis and InformationSource enhancements in AlloyStudio so to submit live and approve in the next session. WG to review *TriggerTimeTypeEnum*, *BusinessCentreLocation* and *EarliestExerciseTime* suggestions above.

