---
id: meeting-minutes-20200604
title: 2020.6.04 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.6.04
---

## Logistics 
### Day & Time
* Thursday, June 4th. 11am ET

## Attendees
* Vijayesh Chandel (GS)
* Ffion Wiggins (GS)
* Paul Tilley (DB)
* Ajith Dharwar (DB)
* Evgeny Kovalyov (Refinitiv)
* Irina Yermakova (ISDA)
* Michelangelo de Marzio (ISDA)
* Ted Sanborn (ISDA)
* Nigel Cobb (Regnosys)
* Siddharthan Rajagopalan (Barclays)
* Yeonje Jo (Bloomberg)

## Agenda

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Review and approve [5/28 FX Options WG Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/fx-options-wg/2020.5.28-fx-options-wg-meeting.md)

### Action items from 5/28 meeting
Summary of Discussion

* *FxBarrier/Trigger QuotedCurrencyPair & InformationSource - Modelling/Submission*: WG reviewed proposed modelling of the two new properties/fields suggested for the CDM FxOption model in AlloyStudio. Group's long run view is to have classes modelled in an asset class agnostic way. In future, these two fields may be revisited but for purposes of the FX Pilot the group agreed to proceed with the submission. 

  The modelling was submitted live via AlloyStudio and can be found here: [TriggerEnhancement](https://alloy.finos.org/studio/review/UAT-34/38). 
  
  **FX Pilot Stage 1 milestone achieved**.

* *Other Barrier related fields*: WG discussed the following attributes, with follow on discussions to be had in the next session:
  1. *TriggerEvent.schedule*: in the CDM model this links to an *AveragingSchedule* class however averaging would not apply to a barrier/trigger and suggestion raised to change current modelling of this.
  2. *Naming of attributes*: the *trigger* class contains inconsistent attribute/property names and suggestion raised to remove '*trigger*' from the names e.g. *triggerType* vs just *type*.

* *(AOB) Currency data standardisation update*: Offline meeting had with Nomura who are heading a public ‘Securities Reference Data’ project (via FINOS) - a central ledger from which APIs can be created to serve different ref data demands. We discussed potential for a currency data solution as part of this and initial views are the ref data project is the right place for it.

### Next Steps (5/28 meeting)
* *FxBarrier/Trigger QuotedCurrencyPair & InformationSource - Testing*: WG to test via AlloyStudio the two new attributes that have been submitted in next session - Vijay
* *Other Barrier related fields review*: WG to complete discussions that remain for attributes highlighted above - All
* *Pilot Stage 2 Kick Off*: Begin discussions for the next stage of the pilot which will focus on lifecycle events for Fx Vanilla Options - Vijay

### Agenda Item #1 

### Agenda Item #2

### AOB


