---
id: meeting-minutes-20200604
title: 2020.6.04 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.6.04
---

## Logistics 
### Day & Time
* Thursday, June 4th. 11am ET

## Attendees
* Vijayesh Chandel (GS)
* James Bracegirdle (GS)
* Paul Tilley (DB)
* Ajith Dharwar (DB)
* Rajesh Taparia (RBC)
* Stephen Sui (RBC)
* Andrew So (RBC)
* Irina Yermakova (ISDA)
* Ted Sanborn (ISDA)
* Nigel Cobb (Regnosys)
* Siddharthan Rajagopalan (Barclays)
* Yeonje Jo (Bloomberg)
* Vinicius Moutinho (Bloomberg)
* Toby Winterflood (Bloomberg)
* Rob Underwood (FINOS)
* Aitana Myohl (FINOS)

## Agenda

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Review and approve [5/28 FX Options WG Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/fx-options-wg/2020.5.28-fx-options-wg-meeting.md)

### Agenda Item #1
* Review of proposed abstract enhancement for the CDM FxTrigger class  - Ajith

### Agenda Item #2
* Testing of submitted FxTrigger QuotedCurrencyPair & InformationSource - Vijay

### AOB

### Action items
Summary of Discussion

* *FxTrigger Abstract Enhancement*: Ajith (DB) shared proposed modelling in AlloyStudio for an abstract *Trigger* class that can accommodate multiple asset classes. This class would house common properties to triggers (e.g. level) from which an asset class specific trigger class e.g. *FxTrigger* would extend from. WG agreed with the proposed modelling with a caveat to balance breadth vs specificity of design. WG agreed to review offline for other asset class nuances worth considering and in next session to discuss if group wants to proceed with the proposal. 

  Ajith's proposed Trigger abstract enhancement can be found here: https://alloy.finos.org/studio/review/UAT-34/42 

* *Testing of FxTrigger QuotedCurrencyPair & InformationSource*: WG went through live testing in AlloyStudio of these two classes/properties that were submitted last week. Tests were executed using the Mapping feature in AlloyStudio and returned expected output values. In addition, tests highlighted constraints which are currently modelled in the CDM *Trigger* class which the group is to review in case not required/need changes. Validations and controls testing capability via AlloyStudio were demonstrated too. 

Next Steps:

* All - to review the above Trigger abstract enhancement in the context of other asset classes ahead of the next session.
* Ajith/Vijay - to work on any required tweaks and testing of the *FxTrigger Abstract Enhancement* to share in the next session. 
* Ted - to summarise material on current CDM lifecycle event modelling as part of FX-Pilot Stage 2 kick off.
* Ted/Vijay - to connect offline regarding constraints and validations approach.
