---
id: meeting-minutes-20200430
title: 2020.4.30 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.4.30
---

## Logistics 
### Day & Time
* Thursday, April 30rd. 11am ET

## Attendees
* James Bracegirdle (GS)
* Vijayesh Chandel (GS)
* Irina Yermakova (ISDA)
* Ted Sanborn (ISDA)
* Ajith Dharwar (DB)
* Siddharthan Rajagopalan (Barclays)
* Georg Schneider (DAML)
* Gordon Campbell (Scottlogic)
* Thomas Weber (Credit Suisse)
* Yeonje Jo (Bloomberg)
* Nigel Cobb (Regnosys)
* Rob Underwood (FINOS)
* Aitana Myohl (FINOS)

## Agenda

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Review and approve [4/23 FX Options WG Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/fx-options-wg/2020.4.23-fx-options-wg-meeting.md) - _meeting minutes were approved_ 

### Agenda Item #1
* Review Fx Strike Unit proposals and agree on preferred solution - Ted/Vijay
### Agenda Item #2
* Review proposed 'Participants' class for buyer/seller and agree with group whether to proceed with its addition to the model - Ajith
### Agenda Item #3
* Demo how to navigate through various code formats - Vijay
### AOB

### Action items
Summary of Discussion
* *FxStrikeUnit*: Ted(ISDA) took the group through the four proposals (see link to last week's minutes above for details). Further review required to understand regulatory best practices for currency ordering while having an implementation which is operationally sufficient. Having the currency cross explicitly implemented (e.g. 0.6500 USD/AUD) the WG highlighted a constraint on currency codes would be needed to ensure correct format/values - potentially requires a broader currency code enum solution to control for this. 
* *Participants Class*: Ajith(DB) presented proposed modelling of this, which offers extra information with respect to party roles (e.g. novation step in/out, broker etc), as well as buyer seller attributes. Potential to expand/redesign the existing buyerSeller class within the FxOption CDM model with a partyRole containing standardised possible values. 
* *Code Format Demo*: Vijay(GS) shared with the group how to navigate through different code formats in AlloyStudio. Participants have suggested enhancements for the tool (documented here: https://gitlab.alloy.finos.org/alloy-pilot/cdm/-/issues) which the AlloyStudio GS engineering team are looking into.

Next Steps
* *FxStrikeUnit*: Group to review regulatory guidelines for currency ordering against the proposed solutions ahead of the next session. Additionally group to consider a currency code enum solution and thoughts on what this would look like/be required. 
* *Participants Class*: Vijay will connect with Ajith, Siddharthan and Ted on creating examples for how these classes could look and also to compare against classes already existing in the CDM broader model to share in the next session.
* *FxBarrierOption*: Following from an overivew of this products during previous sessions, next week Ted and Vijay will share example JSON output to review the CDM FxOption model further. 



