---
id: meeting-minutes-20200514
title: 2020.5.14 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.5.14
---

## Logistics 
### Day & Time
* Thursday, May 14th. 11am ET

## Attendees
* Vijayesh Chandel (GS)

## Agenda

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Review and approve [5/7 FX Options WG Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/fx-options-wg/2020.5.7-fx-options-wg-meeting.md)

### Agenda Item #1
* FxOption Pilot Planning: Formalise phases and timelines for the project - Vijay
### Agenda Item #2
* FxStrikeUnit: Review of proposed modelling of FxStrikeUnit proposals - Vijay 
### Agenda Item #3
* FxBarrierOption: Review of example CDM JSON output and compare against model in AlloyStudio - Ted
### AOB

### Action items
Summary of Discussion
* *Pilot Planning*: The group reviewed the plan for all three phases, which will cover vanilla FxOptions, Fx Barriers, lifecycle events, any exotics use cases (strategies, asian features etc) and submission and testing of code in the AlloyStudio through to Aug2020. Finalised plan to be shared with the WG.

* *FxStrikeUnit*: group reviewed the three proposals via AlloyStudio. 
     1. *Currency1PerCurrency2* (vice versa): Suggestion of hyperlinking currency classes in the model to help traverse to e.g. *currency1*. This would not be feasible in the CDM model per RegNosis, and instead would likely require a currency class with properties for each currency. 
     2. *CallCurrencyPerPutCurrency* (vice versa): least preferred. 
     3. *Direct cross e.g. EUR/USD*: The CDM model has *currencyCodeEnum* and *currencyISOCodeEnum* available listing all ISO and non-ISO codes per FpML. ISDA confirmed these are exhaustive but not fully approved from ISDA/RegNosis for the CDM model, as alludes to having a strategic ref data solution instead. Suggestions raised for a currency description and live/end date if useful. Given this is broader than just strikeUnit / Fx Options and spans all FX, suggested if separate forum is required - to be discussed.

* *FxBarrierOption*: Ted(ISDA) took group through the CDM model for Barrier features. WG suggested the following model changes:
  1. *Barrier QuoteBasis*: Exists in FpML but not CDM and required for barriers expressed in currencies other than the underlying currencycross. 
  2. *TriggerTimeTypeEnum*: Exists in the CDM model with values '*Closing*' or '*Anytime*'. Similar to the FpML *FxBarrierStyleEnum* for '*Continuous*' vs '*Discrete*'. '*Anytime*' would refer to '*Continuous*' and '*Closing*' would refer to observation at expiry, but an expansion of the enum class required as could have e.g. *Discrete style observed prior to expiry*. 
  3. *ObservationPeriod*: CDM defines single date/array but not a range. Group to have a think on best representation for this attribute. 

Next Steps
* *Pilot Planning*: Vijay to update the plan and share with the WG so it can be agreed and signed off in the next session. 
* *FxStrikeUnit*: Vijay to follow up internally and with Finos on approach for creating a forum to work on currency code standardisation. 
* *FxBarrierOption*: Ted to present an example CDM JSON output in the following session. Group to agree on any model changes it would like to submit. 
