---
id: meeting-minutes-20200507
title: 2020.5.07 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.5.07
---

## Logistics 
### Day & Time
* Thursday, May 7th. 11am ET

## Attendees
* Ted Sanborn (ISDA)
* Ian Sloyan (ISDA)
* Irina Yermakova (ISDA)
* Ajith Dharwar (DB)
* Nigel Cobb (Regnosys)
* Rajagopalan Siddharthan (Barclays)
* Vijayesh Chandel (GS)
* Ffion Wiggins (GS)
* Yeonje Jo (Bloomberg)
* Rob Underwood (FINOS)
* Aitana Myohl (FINOS)

## Agenda

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Review and approve [4/30 FX Options WG Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/fx-options-wg/2020.4.30-fx-options-wg-meeting.md) - _meeting minutes were approved_ 

### Agenda Item #1
* Review Fx Strike Unit proposals and industry/reg best practice, as well as potential for a standardised currency class enum and its requirements
### Agenda Item #2
* Review of *Participants* class examples and standardising partyRoles
### Agenda Item #3
* FxBarrierOption example CDM JSON output review - *deferred to following week*
### AOB

### Action items
Summary of Discussion
* *Fx Strike Unit*: group further reviewed strike currency proposals from the previous week, with 'Currency1PerCurrency2' being discussed as a potential solution given it can be applied across different types of products e.g. no need to distinguish put/call currencies in the case of [FxOption FpML financialTerm](https://www.fpml.org/spec/fpml-5-11-6-rec-1/html/confirmation/schemaDocumentation/schemas/fpml-fx-5-11_xsd/elements/fxOption.html) and also is simpler/shorter than current FpML enum ExchangedCurrency1PerExchangedCurrency2 for [FxSingle FpML financialTerm](https://www.fpml.org/spec/fpml-5-11-6-rec-1/html/confirmation/schemaDocumentation/schemas/fpml-fx-5-11_xsd/elements/fxSingleLeg.html). Regarding classes which refer to currencies already in the model these are of string data format/type. Whether this needs to be controlled for requires further discussion, however string type has been a longstanding approach for currencies.

* *Novations*: Ted(ISDA) shared the current CDM design for how novations are represented in the model. StepIn/Out are not currently enumerated as part of the partyRoleEnum – can be added if the group feels necessary, but current implementation is that they are derivable roles based on an event’s message. Point raised of designing a model which requires less need to traverse its entirety to pull data values, and is a consideration for how to simplify modelling wherever possible. 

Next Steps
* *FxStrikeUnit*: Vijay to model all proposals in AlloyStudio and present in the following session for review.
* *FxBarrierOption*: Ted to pull together an example CDM JSON output for this, and the group to review against the CDM model in AlloyStudio in the next session.
