---
id: meeting-minutes-20200611
title: 2020.6.11 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.6.11
---

## Logistics 
### Day & Time
* Thursday, June 11th. 11am ET

## Attendees
* Vijayesh Chandel (GS)
* Aitana Myohl (FINOS)

## Agenda

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* Review and approve [6/4 FX Options WG Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/alloy/blob/master/meeting-minutes/fx-options-wg/2020.6.4-fx-options-wg-meeting.md)

### Agenda Item #1
* Update regarding currency standardisation discussions with the *Securities Reference Data* project - Vijay

### Agenda Item #2
* Final review of the abstract Trigger class - Ajith/Vijay

### Agenda Item #3
* Pilot Stage 2: Lifecycle Events in CDM - Ted

### AOB

### Action items

Summary of Discussion
* *Currency Standardisation*: Offline meeting had with Nomura re the *Securities Reference Data* project. They will be joining our session next week to share thoughts and get a view from the WG around a potential solution that leverages Alloy Studio.

* *Abstract Trigger Class*: No objections raised by WG for the submitted modelling of *Trigger* class. Change to be merged into the CDM Fx Option model and Ajith (DB) will be running some mapping and testing offline.

* *Pilot Stage 2 Kick Off*: Ted (ISDA) shared details on how the CDM models post-trade and lifecycle event data with reference to vanilla FX options. Group discussed abstract concepts including the *TransferPrimitive* which refer to fees, payments etc; *meta global keys* which link different event messages; and the *contractFormationPrimitive* that details 'before' and 'after' data. For Partial Terminations  the *QuantityChange* class was reviewed which contains pre and post quantity amounts from which quantity delta can be inferred, and the *Exercise* class used for Exercise events.

Next Steps
* *Currency Standardisation*: To add to next week's agenda where we'll discuss next steps for building a data solution for this  - Vijay
* *Abstract Trigger Class*: Merge and offline testing to be performed - Ajith
* *Lifecycle/Post Trade Events*: WG to explore specific CDM classes in Alloy Studio of the various attributes associated to events - Vijay
